Docs for SwiftUI View Tracking (#353)
embrace-io/embrace-docs: docs/ios/6x/automatic-instrumentation/view-swiftui-tracking.md

struct MyView: View {
    @State var loaded = false

    var body: some View {
        EmbraceTraceView(
            "MyView",                           // Custom name
            attributes: ["user_role": "admin"], // Optional metadata
            contentComplete: loaded             // Optional completion flag
        ) {
            VStack {
                Text("Hello")
                Button("Finish Load") {
                    loaded = true
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```

:::warning
**Dashboard Setup:** If you're using the Embrace Dashboard, contact Embrace support to enable this feature through remote configuration.

**Custom Configuration:** If you're not using the Embrace Dashboard, enable this by passing a custom `EmbraceConfigurable` with `isSwiftUiViewInstrumentationEnabled` set to `true` when initializing the SDK.
:::

## Best Practices

- **Start simple:** Use the macro (`@EmbraceTrace`) for basic tracking, then upgrade to the modifier when you need custom names or attributes
- **Track meaningful completion:** Use the `contentComplete` parameter for views that load data asynchronously to measure when users can actually interact with your content

> - **Avoid over-instrumentation:** Don't nest multiple instrumented views unnecessarily—each generates its own trace tree and can impact performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Avoid over-instrumentation:** Do not nest multiple instrumented views unnecessarily—each generates its own trace tree and can impact performance
```
